ap20/ap21 migration (#89)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/overview/account_setup/connect-access.md

> a keypair on each computer you want to use, and then adding the public key to your OSG 
> Connect profile. 

## Add multi factory authentication to your web profile

Multi factory authentication means that you will use 2 different methods to authenticate

> when you log in. The first factor is the ssh key you added above. The second factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when you log in. The first factor is the ssh key you added above. The second factor
```

is a 6 digit code from one of your devices. OSGConnect uses the TOTP
(Time-based One-time Password) standard - any TOTP client should work. Some common
clients include:

  * [FreeOTP](https://freeotp.github.io/)
  * [Google Authenticator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Authenticator)
  * [DUO](https://duo.com/product/multi-factor-authentication-mfa/authentication-methods/tokens-and-passcodes)

Once you have a TOTP client, configure it to be used with OSG Connect: 

1. Go to [https://osgconnect.net](https://osgconnect.net) and sign in with the institutional identity you used when requesting an OSG Connect account. 

2. Click "Profile" in the top right corner.

3. Click the "Edit Profile" button located after the user information in the left hand box.

4. Check the "Set up Multi-Factor Authentication" at the bottom and hit Apply.

5. In the Multi-Factory Authentication box, follow the instructions (scan the QR code with your TOTP client)

## Logging In

> After following the steps above to upload your key, set up multi factory authentication, and it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After following the steps above to upload your key, set up multi factor authentication, and it has
```
